I would normally start with a sharpened spatula,
a sharpened micro-spatula,
and just work my way in
and under the edges,
and work my way around very, very carefully,
and then at some point,
I take this large pastry knife,
which is a very thin . . .
it's not as sharp
as this  little edge here,
but it's very thin and flexible,
and plus it's very large,
and you can work on a . . .
you have a lot more . . .
you can do much more gentle kinds of strokes,
and it lifts a larger area at once.
But somehow it's easier to control
than a little small one like this.
I'll just continue here where I was. . . .
Cooked starch pastes have been around
for a long time,
rice starch paste
or wheat starch paste.
You can imagine doing this
on a large document of some sort
[Interviewer]: Especially if the size
of the document is longer than the blade.
[Campbell:]Yeah . . . you actually have to
get your hand in
underneath it and hold the piece up.
It's quite common in fact,
lifting art . . . artwork from acidic boards
that they have been mounted to, or
sometimes photos mounted with heat set tissue.
Like I said, it's quite common
to have to lift them this way,
and it just takes a lot of patience
and a lot of time.
Luckily, this is very robust paper.
It's fairly heavy paper.
It's not brittle, not acidic.
It has some . . . it holds together
while you are doing this.
Here's the original surface
of the sheep skin,
right here where it was not adhered,
where there was never any glue.
There was never any paste right there,
so it is sort of undisturbed right there,
which often is in better condition